[doc] Update Contributing section (#736)
TRIQS/triqs: doc/contributing/pull_request.rst

.. _pull_request:

How to make a pull request?
===========================

You will need to submit your contributions in the form of pull requests to the unstable branch of the TRIQS repository,

> and this page is here to guide you through this process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and this page is here to guide you through this process.
```

Congratulations, you're all set!
You can learn more about forks `here <https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-forks>`_ and `here <https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo>`_.
`This page <https://help.github.com/en/articles/syncing-a-fork>`_ explains how to keep your fork synced to the original repository.

Making your pull request
------------------------

Start by moving to the unstable branch of the TRIQS repository and get the latest commits::

     git checkout unstable
     git pull
From here, create the branch where your pull request will live::

     git branch my_first_PR
     git checkout my_first_PR

You can now work on this branch as usual, modifying files and committing your changes. Keep in mind to push your branch to your fork::

     git push my_triqs my_first_PR
     
Please keep in your commit messages clear and
concise, using brackets to specify what you are modifying (for instance [doc] if you contribute to the documentation, [det_manip] if you fix a bug
in the det_manip class, etc.). Do not multiply your commits, or squash them before doing your pull request
(see for example `this page <https://davidwalsh.name/squash-commits-git>`_).

> When you consider your pull request ready to be reviewed by TRIQS developers, go to the `triqs github <https://github.com/TRIQS/triqs>`_ and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you consider your pull request ready to be reviewed by TRIQS developers, go to the github page of your fork
```

> go to `Pull requests`, and `New pull request`. Be sure to select unstable as the base branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and click `New pull request`. Be sure to select unstable as the target branch and my_first_PR as the source branch.
```
